this is weird we've got a sovereign
fleet approaching from the rear why
would they do that
probably because Rockets stole some of
their batteries code right you didn't
steal some of those I don't know why
they're after us what a mystery this is
what were you thinking dude they were
really easy to steal that's your defense
come on you saw how that high priest is
talked out there was not a generalist I
didn't realize your motivation was
altruism really ashamed the sovereign I
mistaken your intentions and they're
trying to kill us
exactly I was being sarcastic oh no
you're supposed to use a sarcastic voice
now I look boom and we put the big ring
on hold until after we survive this
massive space battles coming good I'm
gonna kill some guy
[Music]
you